[Pytorch] Nvidia-DLFramework-Inspect support (#1441)
NVIDIA/TransformerEngine: docs/debug/1_getting_started.rst

Adjusting Python file
--------------------

.. code-block:: python

    # (...)

    import nvdlfw_inspect.api as debug_api
    debug_api.initialize(
        config_file="./config.yaml",
        feature_dirs=["/path/to/transformer_engine/debug/features"],
        log_dir="./log",
        default_logging_enabled=True)

    # initialization of the TransformerLayer with the name
    transformer_layer = TransformerLayer(
      name="transformer_layer",
      # ...)

    # (...)
    for epoch in range(5):
      # forward and backward pass
      # ...
      debug_api.step()

In the modified code above, the following changes were made:

1. Added an import for ``nvdlfw_inspect.api``.
2. Initialized the Nvidia-DL-Framework-Inspect by calling ``debug_api.initialize()`` with appropriate configuration, specifying the path to the config file, feature directories, and log directory.
3. Added ``debug_api.step()`` after each of the forward-backward pass.

Inspecting the logs
------------------

Let's look at the files with the logs. Two files will be created:

1. debug logs.
2. statistics logs.

Let's look inside them!

> In the main log file, you can find detailed information about the transformer's layer GEMMs behavior. You can see that ``fc1`` and ``fc2`` fprop GEMMs are run in high precision, as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the main log file, you can find detailed information about the transformer layer's GEMMs behavior. You can see that ``fc1`` and ``fc2`` fprop GEMMs are run in high precision, as intended.
```
